---
title: useragreement
date: 2024-07-16 18:45:02
tags:
	- privacypolicy
	- news
categories: 隐私政策
top: true
---
### Foreword

You are welcome to choose to enjoy the "Game Service!" provided by Brave1pct Studio (hereinafter referred to as "Brave1pct"). Brave1pct will follow the relevant regulations of the state on online game management, advocate the slogan of "protecting minors' health and creating a green online game environment", and strive to provide players with better services.
Brave1pct recommends players to fill in their real names and ID numbers when applying for user accounts, so as to better experience the game services brought to you by Brave1pct.
Important points to note:

1. Before using the game software provided by Brave1pct (hereinafter also referred to as "Brave1pct Software") and related services (hereinafter referred to as "Brave1pct Services"), Please read the terms of this Brave1pct License and Service Agreement (hereinafter also referred to as the "Agreement") carefully. Brave1pct specifically reminds users to read all terms of this Agreement carefully, In particular, the provisions that exclude or limit Brave1pct's liability (such terms usually contain the words "no liability", "no obligation", "no warranty"), the provisions that limit the rights of users (such terms usually contain the words "shall not", "shall not", "shall not"), the application of law and the dispute resolution provisions, These provisions shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the People's Republic of China, and such provisions are usually indicated in red font.

2. If the User does not agree to any of the terms of this Agreement, the User shall not install or use the Brave1pct software or enjoy the Brave1pct service. Once the User clicks "Accept" (or other words with the same meaning) and installs Brave1pct software, or registers, starts to use and/or continues to use Brave1pct Services, the User shall be deemed to have agreed to and accepted all terms of this Agreement. Thereafter, you may not plead any form of defense for failure to read/agree to the contents of this Agreement or similar grounds.

3. Users have the right to monitor whether Brave1pct and Brave1pct staff provide services to users in accordance with the standards published by Brave1pct during the period of acceptance of Brave1pct services, and can also put forward opinions and suggestions related to Brave1pct products and services at any time to Brave1pct.

4. In order to protect the physical and mental health of minors, minors under the age of 16 are prohibited from registering and recharging games.

5. If your child/ward is under the age of 16, you may not allow them to use or access Brave1pct services through your account. You are responsible for all activities conducted through your account, whether authorized by you or not, including but not limited to all purchases, and in particular, parents or guardians are responsible for all activities conducted by their minor children through the account.
  Article 1 Signatory to the Agreement
  This Agreement is executed between the following parties:

6. Brave1pct. The provider of Brave1pct Services, Brave1pct Studio and/or its affiliates (collectively referred to herein as "Brave1pct"). Brave1pct may provide the Brave1pct Services to you through its own websites and platforms, as well as the websites and platforms of its partners.

7. You, also referred to as "Player" or "User". You are a natural person who has obtained authorization for non-commercial use of Brave1pct through legal channels provided by Brave1pct to install, use Brave1pct software or accept Brave1pct services.
  Article 2 Definitions and Instructions
  Unless otherwise stated, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

8. Brave1pct Software: means the game software provided by Brave1pct (including any adaptation version that can be operated on mobile smart devices and/or computer terminals in the form of client/micro or web pages), and the updates, upgrades, patches and expansions related to the game software. And may include relevant web servers, websites (including but not limited to the official website or official forum of the game), electronic media, printed materials or electronic documents.

9. Brave1pct Services: refers to the online operation services provided by Brave1pct to you in connection with the aforementioned Brave1pct software, including the Brave1pct software itself.

10. Value-added Service tokens: It refers to a virtual exchange tool designed by Brave1pct to meet the normal trading and communication needs of players in Brave1pct services. It can be purchased directly or indirectly through RMB in accordance with the proportion adjusted from time to time by the game, which can be used in exchange for the right to use various virtual goods or value-added services specified in the game, and is limited to use and circulation in specific games.
  Article 3 Intellectual Property Rights Declaration

11. Brave1pct enjoys all legal rights and interests of Brave1pct software in accordance with the law (including but not limited to the computer software copyright, art works copyright and patent intellectual property rights involved, and the right to operate Brave1pct software), or has obtained legal authorization from the legal right holder, Thus has the right to provide users with Brave1pct software and Brave1pct services.

12. "Brave1pct" and LOGO (graphics) embodied in Brave1pct service, as well as the text and LOGO (graphics) used in specific services to identify the name and source of the service (including but not limited to the name, LOGO and ICON of Brave1pct service, The name, LOGO and ICON of Brave1pct software developers are trademarks or registered trademarks of Brave1pct and/or its affiliates and cooperative companies in China and/or other countries/regions.

13. Brave1pct services may involve intellectual property rights of third parties. If the third party has requirements for your use of such intellectual property rights in Brave1pct services, Brave1pct will inform you of such requirements in an appropriate manner, and you shall comply with such requirements.

14. Brave1pct reserves all the rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement.
   Article 4 Brave1pct Software License and Restrictions

15. Brave1pct agrees to grant users the non-commercial, revocable, changeable, non-proprietary, non-transferable and non-sublicensable right to use the Brave1pct Software and Brave1pct Services on the premise that users agree to accept all terms of this Agreement. The User may, within the scope of authorization, install the Brave1pct software on mobile smart devices or computer terminals for personal use, and run a copy of the Brave1pct software in the manner specified by Brave1pct and enjoy the services provided by Brave1pct. The license granted by Brave1pct to the User under this Agreement is a license for personal use. If User needs to use Brave1pct Software and Brave1pct Services outside of the scope of personal use or use Brave1pct software and Brave1pct Services for any commercial purpose, User shall contact Brave1pct and obtain a separate authorization from Brave1pct. Any installation, use, access, display, operation or commercial use of Brave1pct without Brave1pct's permission shall constitute an infringement of Brave1PCT.

16. Unless otherwise agreed herein, the User shall not, without the prior written consent of Brave1pct, perform any of the following acts (whether profit-making or not-for-profit) :
   (1) Copy, rip, de-compile, disassemble, disseminate and display all or part of Brave1pct software programs, user manuals and other graphic, audio and video materials, Or reverse engineering any function or program of the Brave1pct software.
   (2) Publicly display and broadcast all or part of the Brave1pct software /Brave1pct services in various forms and on various platforms (including but not limited to webcast platforms, websites and apps).
   (3) Rent, sell Brave1pct software or use Brave1pct software for any profit-making activities.
   (4) Modify or mask the service name, company logo, trademark (or) copyright information, and other intellectual property notices on Brave1pct software programs, images, animations, packaging and manual content.
   (5) Other violations of trademark Law, copyright Law, Regulations on the protection of computer software, relevant laws and regulations, and international treaties.
   Article 5 Tariff policy

17. Brave1pct shall have the right to determine the charging methods and tariff standards for Brave1pct software and Brave1pct service. Brave1pct shall have the right to determine different charging methods and tariff standards for Brave1pct software and Brave1pct service at different stages. And Brave1pct has the right to adjust the tariff policy at any time according to needs.
   The specific charging methods and tariff standards, including but not limited to Brave1pct software charging standards, the right to use virtual items in the game and the specific charging standards for value-added services (if any), Are issued by Brave1pct in the form of general online game industry on APP STORE or other APP distribution channels, in-game prop mall, prop purchase interface, and game module on the official website of the game.
   The user has the obligation to read carefully before choosing. Once the user chooses to download the paid Brave1pct software, purchase the right to use related virtual goods or accept related services, it indicates that the user has fully understood and accepted the corresponding charging method and tariff standard.

18. Brave1pct has the right to set up, add and modify value-added services and issue value-added service tokens in the game according to needs.
   Value-added service tokens are obtained by using RMB. Once RMB is converted into value-added service tokens, RMB shall be deemed to have been used and the value-added service tokens shall not be converted into RMB. Value-added service tokens are used to purchase the right to use related virtual goods or to receive related value-added services.
   If the user purchases the right to use virtual goods or accepts other value-added services as a charge item, if the effective use period of the virtual goods or value-added services is exceeded (regardless of whether the user has actually used or enjoyed the services), or the number of effective uses or services is exceeded, Brave1pct shall have the right to take measures to cancel the user's right to use the said virtual goods or stop providing value-added services.
   Article 6 Game virtual goods

19. Game virtual goods (or "virtual goods" for short) including but not limited to game characters, resources, props (including but not limited to weapons, coats, pets, equipment in the game), its ownership belongs to Brave1pct, users can only in accordance with the law, according to the rules of the game during the game server open period to use.

20. All kinds of virtual goods in the game, if there is no special mark for the term of use, users can continue to use them after obtaining the right to use them until the corresponding Brave1pct service is terminated; If there is a special mark for the term of use, its use period shall be subject to the term of the special mark. If the use period is exceeded, Brave1pct has the right to withdraw its use right at any time without notice to the user (the use period shall not be interrupted or suspended for any reason).
   Article 7 Registration, use and storage of user accounts

21. Account Registration User undertakes to register Brave1pct account or other partner account approved by Brave1pct with his real identity, and accept Brave1pct with such account (hereinafter also referred to as "User Account"). The User agrees that the true and accurate personal information provided by the user shall be the only evidence for identifying the connection between the user and the game account as well as the user's identity.

22. Use and custody of user account
   (1) Brave1pct has the right to review whether the identity information provided by you when registering is true and effective, and shall actively take technical and management reasonable measures to ensure the safety and effectiveness of user accounts; You have the obligation to properly keep the user account and password, and use the user account and password correctly and safely. If any party fails to fulfill the above obligations and causes loss of the user account or password or theft of the User account and damages to the civil rights of you or others, it shall bear the legal liabilities arising therefrom.
   (2) You shall enjoy the rights and bear the responsibilities for the actions arising from your user account in accordance with law.
   (3) Once you find that the user account or password is illegally used or is used abnormally, you shall promptly handle it according to the handling methods published by the account service provider, and have the right to promptly notify the Brave1pct service provider Brave1pct to take measures to suspend the login and use of the user account.
   (4) Where Brave1pct takes measures to suspend the login and use of the user's account according to the user's notification, Brave1pct shall require the user to provide and verify the valid personal identification information or proof consistent with his registered identity information.
   (5)Brave1pct shall take timely measures to suspend the login and use of the user's account if Brave1PCT verifies that the valid personal identity information or proof provided by the user is consistent with the registered identity information.
   (6)Brave1pct, in violation of the provisions of the preceding paragraph (5), fails to take timely measures to suspend the login and use of user accounts, and therefore causes losses to users, shall bear the corresponding legal responsibilities.
   (7) If the user fails to provide his personal valid identity information or proof, or the personal valid identity information or proof provided by the user is inconsistent with the registered identity information, Brave1pct has the right to reject the user's request.
   (8) In order to safeguard its legitimate rights and interests, when the user provides Brave1pct with valid personal identity information or proof consistent with the registered identity information, Brave1pct shall provide the user with the necessary assistance and support in accordance with the law, such as the account registration certificate and the original registration information. And provide relevant evidentiary information and materials to the relevant administrative and judicial authorities as required.
   (9) If the user does not log in to the game for 365 consecutive days, Brave1pct has the right to take measures to delete the user account and any record of the user account in the game database (including but not limited to character, level, virtual item, value-added service token data information) from 24:00 on the 365th day of the consecutive day that the user does not log in to the game. The deleted data information can not be recovered.

23. If you choose to use "Quick Game", "Tourist" or other similar convenient mode (hereinafter referred to as "quick mode") to quickly log in to the game without registering a user account, please bind your user account in time after login; If you do not bind a user account, once you uninstall or reinstall the Brave1pct software, or your mobile smart device or computer damage causes Brave1pct software to fail to start normally, all your game data and recharge records in the fast mode will not be able to be queried or recovered.
   Article 8 User information protection and collection

24. When Brave1pct requires users to provide information related to their personal identities, it shall disclose its privacy protection policy and personal information utilization policy to users in a clear and easy to see manner in advance, and take necessary measures to protect the security of users' personal information. Without the user's permission, Brave1pct shall not provide, disclose or share the user's name, personal valid ID card number, contact information, and home address personally identifiable information in the user's registration information to any third party, except in the following circumstances:
   (1) Brave1pct is authorized by the User or the user's guardian to disclose;
   (2) where Brave1pct is required to disclose by relevant laws;
   (3) where Brave1pct is required to provide by judicial or administrative authorities based on legal procedures;
   (4) when Brave1pct brings a lawsuit or arbitration to the user in order to safeguard its legitimate rights and interests;
   (5) when providing the User's personally identifiable information at the lawful request of the user's guardian;
   And (6) at the request of a stock exchange, a securities regulatory body, or accountants, lawyers, and technicians with professional knowledge and confidentiality obligations.
   In order to protect the privacy of users and regulate the use of users' personal information, Brave1pct has formulated the Privacy Protection and Use of Personal Information Policy for Online Game Users. Please read the policy in detail.

25. In addition to the aforementioned personal information, you agree and authorize Brave1pct to collect your other necessary information based on the requirements of administrative/judicial authorities or security and user experience optimization considerations, but Brave1pct can only collect and use the information for the purpose of performing this Agreement.
   Article 9 Obligations of Brave1pct

26. Brave1pct agrees to provide Brave1pct services to users through the Internet in accordance with this Agreement.

27. Brave1pct saves the game virtual currency recharge record for 180 days from the date of user recharge.

28. In the process of using Brave1pct game virtual currency, users have the right to request Brave1pct for assistance in retrieving game virtual currency recharge records and transfer records. Brave1pct shall require users to provide and verify valid personal identity information or proof consistent with their registered identity information. Brave1pct shall provide assistance to verify that the valid personal identity information or proof provided by the user is consistent with the registered identity information. If the user does not provide his personal valid identity information or proof, or the personal valid identity information or proof provided by the user is inconsistent with the registered identity information, Brave1pct has the right to reject the user's request.
   Article 10 Obligations of the User

29. Users should equip themselves with the necessary equipment for Internet access, including but not limited to mobile smart devices (including but not limited to mobile phones, tablets), computers, wireless routers or other necessary Internet access devices.

30. The User shall pay for the telecommunications fees and network usage fees related to the Internet service by himself.

31. Abide by the provisions of this Agreement and other relevant rules and regulations (including but not limited to the terms of service of Brave1pct email account agreed by the user, and the rules published by Brave1pct on the official website of the game or in the game); Abide by the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China (if the user is a user outside the People's Republic of China, he shall also abide by the laws and regulations of the country or region where he belongs).
   Article 11 Improper gaming activities
   (1) Opposing the basic principles set forth in the Constitution of the People's Republic of China;
   (2) endangering state security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power or undermining national unity;
   (3) harming the honour and interests of the State;
   (4) inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination and undermining national unity;
   (5) sabotaging the state's religious policy and propagating cults and feudal superstitions;
   (6) spreading rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;
   (7) spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or instigating crimes;
   (8) insulting or defaming others or infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;
   (9) propagating or abetting the use of plug-ins, private services and related content of Trojan horses;
   (10) Posting the home page address or link of any software or file that Brave1pct reasonably judges to be inappropriate or not approved by Brave1pct;
   (11) any other content prohibited by the laws and administrative regulations of the People's Republic of China.

32. The User shall not use the Brave1pct software, Brave1pct services or participate in Brave1pct activities through improper means or other unfair means.
   Users shall not interfere with the normal provision of the software and services by Brave1pct, including but not limited to: attacking, hacking into Brave1pct's web server, or overloading the Web server by logging in or attempting to log in to the server more frequently than normal user login requirements during a concentrated period of time; Hack or modify the Brave1pct software programs provided by Brave1pct; Attack, hack into Brave1pct's game server/game server side programs or overload the game server; Make, publish, disseminate, use any form of AIDS or programs that interfere with the fairness of the game (including but not limited to "plugins", "plugins" refers to all programs independent of the game software that can affect the operation of the game while the game is running, including but not limited to simulating user operations, changing the operating environment, modifying data and all types). The user shall not: use the loopholes and errors (bugs) of the program to disrupt the normal operation of the game or disseminate such loopholes or errors (bugs); Unreasonably interfere with or hinder others from using the software and services provided by Brave1pct; Use Brave1pct software in an abnormal or illegal manner (including but not limited to using Brave1pct software to log in to the game private server); Using abnormal methods to log in to the game (including but not limited to using third-party software or systems not developed, authorized or recognized by Brave1pct to log in to the game), using network accelerator plug-in software or robot programs to maliciously destroy service facilities and disrupt the normal service order; Modify, translate, annotate, sort out, assemble and interpret Brave1pct software; Take advantage of the software or the possible technical defects or loopholes in the online game system to make profits for yourself and others in various forms (including but not limited to copying game virtual items) or engage in other improper activities.
   The User agrees to use the monitoring data in the game program as the basis for judging whether the User has cheated in the game by using the plug-in program method.
   Article 12 Interruption, suspension and termination of the service

33. Suspension and termination of the service to the User
   (1) Brave1pct has the right to immediately terminate the service provided to the user if the user publishes illegal information, seriously violates social morality, and other acts in violation of the prohibitive provisions of the law.
   (2) Brave1pct shall have the right to terminate the service provided to the User if the User commits an improper act while accepting the service provided by Brave1pct. The specific circumstances of the improper behavior shall be clearly agreed in this Agreement or belong to the prohibited behavior that Brave1pct has explicitly informed in advance and shall be subject to service termination; otherwise, Brave1pct shall not terminate the service provided to User.
   (3) If the user provides false registered identity information or violates this Agreement, Brave1pct shall have the right to suspend all or part of the services provided to the User; Brave1pct shall notify the user of the suspension measures and inform the suspension period, the suspension period should be reasonable, and Brave1pct shall promptly resume the service to the user upon the expiration of the suspension period.
   (4)Brave1pct shall bear the burden of proof if Brave1pct suspends or terminates the provision of part or all of the services to the User in accordance with the provisions of items (1), (2) and (3) of this paragraph.

34. Interruption, suspension and termination of the operation of the game server
   (1) For the normal operation of the game server, Brave1pct needs to regularly stop the game server for maintenance or emergency stop maintenance for emergencies; Please understand the interruption and suspension of normal service caused by the above circumstances, and Brave1pct is obliged to try its best to limit the interruption time to the shortest time.
   In any of the following circumstances, Brave1pct has the right to terminate or interrupt all or part of the services provided by the game server, and Brave1pct shall not be liable to the user or the third party for any inconvenience or damage arising therefrom: ① Regular inspection or construction, update software and hardware, Brave1pct has the right to suspend the service, but Brave1pct will complete the maintenance and update work as soon as possible; ② the game server suffers damage and cannot operate normally; Sudden failure of hardware and software equipment and electronic communication equipment; ④ line or other faults of the network provider; ⑤ in case of emergency in accordance with the provisions of the law or for the personal safety of users and third parties; ⑥ third party reasons or other circumstances of force majeure.
   Brave1pct reserves the right to terminate or partially terminate the provision of Brave1pct Services if it deems it necessary.
   Regardless of the reason for terminating Brave1pct service, users shall take appropriate measures to deal with the game virtual items by themselves, including but not limited to canceling or stopping the use of user accounts and game virtual items related matters. The User shall not require Brave1pct to bear any form of compensation or liability for the total termination of Brave1pct services, except for the game virtual currency that the user has purchased but has not used, including but not limited to the compensation for no longer being able to continue to use the user account and game virtual items.
   Article 13 Special Description of the Combat system
   Certain Brave1pct services may contain combat systems in which users can freely fight each other. For the Brave1pct Service that contains the combat system, once you click "Accept" (or other words with the same meaning) and install the appropriate Brave1pct software, or register, start using and/or continue to use the appropriate Brave1pct software or Brave1pct Service, You will be deemed to have consented to all free combat activities in the Game Combat System and to abide by the rules of Free Combat.
   Article 14 Types and Definitions of punishment
   Good order is the foundation of all good things. Brave1pct in the game to make all the penalties, are to maintain the harmony and fairness of the game world. But the real order should come from everyone's habits. Brave1pct sincerely hopes that the day will come when Brave1pct will no longer have to impose penalties on players' behavior.
   If you violate the provisions of this Agreement, you may be subject to one or more of the following penalties, in addition to those set forth in the other terms:
   (1) Warnings: Warnings are only educational guidance for players who violate the rules of the game, and are used as a way to properly manage the operation of the game.
   (2) Ban: shut down part or all of the chat channels of the offending players, and forcibly suspend the online conversation function of the player's user account, so that the player's user account cannot talk to other players until the penalty expires or is cancelled.
   (3) Temporarily freeze the gameplay: restrict the game characters of the offending players and restrict their local game operations until the penalty expires or is cancelled.
   (4) Permanent freezing of gameplay: The game character of the offending player will be restricted, and its local game operations will be restricted, and will never be lifted or released.
   (5) Temporary login ban: The user account of the offending player will be temporarily unable to log in to use one or several games provided by Brave1pct for a certain period of time, until the penalty expires or is cancelled.
   (6) Permanent login ban: The user account of the offending player will be permanently unable to log in to use Brave1pct service.
   (7) Forced offline: force the offending player to leave the current game and end the execution of the player's current game program.
   (8) Account suspension: The right to suspend or permanently stop the illegal player's game account to log in to Brave1pct service.
   (9) Delete files: Delete the character file of the offending player in the game world, and prevent the character from appearing in the game world again.
   (10) Bear legal responsibility: If the player's improper behavior causes damage to others or Brave1pct or is in violation of current laws and regulations, the offending player shall bear the corresponding civil, administrative or criminal responsibility according to law.
   (11) Disband the organization: disband the gangs, unions and force organizations established by the player, including but not limited to.
   (12) Modifying nicknames: Forcing players to modify nicknames or names that can be independently named by players, including but not limited to character nicknames.
   (13) Temporarily restrict game behavior: The user accounts of players who violate the rules will be restricted from using some game services for a certain period of time.
   (14) Cancel the transaction: cancel the illegal transaction and restore the game virtual items paid by both parties.
   (15) Deduction of illegal transaction income: deduction of the game virtual goods or virtual currency obtained by the offending party or both parties in the illegal transaction.
   (16) Transaction function restriction: Temporarily freeze the game virtual goods or virtual currency obtained by the offending party or both parties in the illegal transaction, and continue to investigate their in-game behavior within the specified period. If it does not violate the rules again within the specified period, the corresponding game virtual goods will be automatically unfrozen at the expiration; If it violates the rules again within the specified period, its frozen game virtual goods will be deducted when Brave1pct finds that its violation exists.
   (17) Freezing game virtual goods: The relevant functions of the game virtual goods of the game character restricted to the violator, including but not limited to the use, trading and giving of the goods.
   (18) Recovery of game virtual goods: recovery of game virtual goods acquired by players due to fraud or other violations, including but not limited to game virtual goods.
   (19) Other punishment measures: including but not limited to confiscation of improper benefits (such as game virtual items obtained by players through improper means), backloading of values (including but not limited to experience points), deletion of forum posts, blocking of forum accounts, and temporary suspension of services.
   Article 15 Rules for handling anti-harassment in the game
   Brave1pct proposes that players be responsible for their words and deeds, civilized games, healthy games, if the players appear in the following circumstances agreed in this article, they will be punished in accordance with the provisions of this article.

35. Impersonation system: In the game, anyone who spreads or disseminates false information to other players through various means and behavior impersonation system will be subject to the following penalties according to the circumstances: Warning; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins.
   2, illegal websites: In order to maintain the cleanliness and harmony in the game world, those who promote illegal websites, according to the circumstances will be subject to the following penalties: Warning; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins.
   3, indecent words and deeds: in the game, all through various ways, behavior spread or spread indecent words and deeds information, according to the situation will be subject to the following penalties: warning; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; And temporarily disable logins.
   4, junk advertising information: a large number of words and deeds spreading the same, similar phrases or meaningless content, as well as any information unrelated to the game (including but not limited to scanning the screen), or publish, spread any derogatory, slander, malicious attack the game or Brave1pct information or other false information, according to the circumstances will be subject to the following penalties: Warnings; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins.
   5, regional division: in the game, all through various ways or ways to cause regional disputes, according to the situation will be subject to the following penalties: warning; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins.
   6, prohibited drugs or behavior: in the game, any behavior involving prohibited drugs, according to the situation will be subject to the following penalties: warning; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins.

36. Real Life information and physical intimidation: any act of violence not directly related to the game world, as well as leaking any game world and real life information of other players or Brave1pct employees, may be subject to the following penalties according to the circumstances: Ban; Forced offline; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Accept legal liability.
   8, publicity or use of Trojan horse, plug-in, virus information: in the game, all through various ways, behavior to spread or spread, use Trojan horse, plug-in, virus information, according to the situation will be subject to the following penalties: gag; Temporarily freeze the gameplay; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Forced offline; Suspend accounts; Delete files; Take legal responsibility.
   9, propaganda and training: in the game, all through various ways, behavior to spread or spread the information of training, according to the situation will be subject to the following penalties: gag; Temporarily freeze the gameplay; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Forced offline; Suspend accounts; Delete files.

37. Advertise or trade offline: Users can only trade in-game virtual items in the game or through Brave1pct approved trading platforms (if any). Brave1pct will severely crack down on and punish any behavior related to users' recharge or other transactions (including but not limited to users' recharge or purchase of in-game virtual items through third parties) on any recharge platform or other trading platform not approved by Brave1pct in advance. Once verified, Brave1pct has the right to take various handling measures according to the specific circumstances, including one or more of the following: warning, withholding value, freezing or recovering game virtual items, temporarily freezing gameplay, permanently freezing gameplay, forcing offline, blocking account, deleting files and taking other technical measures to prevent the user from engaging in such behavior; If the circumstances are serious, Brave1pct reserves the right to pursue the user for legal responsibility.
    11, publicity or release of illegal information, serious violation of social morality: in the game, any language or behavior involving violation of national laws, contrary to social moral and civilized norms, including but not limited to publicity or participation in gambling, propaganda cult behavior, players will be punished as follows: Warning; Silencing; Forced offline; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Delete files; Take legal responsibility.

38. Other acts of harassment: In addition to the above circumstances in this article, if the player has other harassment situations that do not comply with laws and regulations, social ethics or game rules, the following penalties may be imposed according to the circumstances: Warning; Mute; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Forced offline; Suspend accounts; Delete files; Take legal responsibility.
    Article 16 Game Administrator (hereinafter referred to as "GM") interactive management rules

39. During the game, players may communicate with the GM for various reasons. Brave1pct will provide official game forums for specific games as a communication platform between players and GMS. If players encounter problems in the game, they can submit their problems through the official forum, which will provide players with fast and quality service.

40. I hope the communication between the GM and the players can be helpful to the players, but please abide by the relevant regulations. Brave1pct will take the following actions seriously:
   (1) Impersonation system or GM: In the game, there may be some players impersonation system or GM behavior. If you find it, you can report it to the GM through the game forum and help verify it. If found out, Brave1pct will take severe punishment.
   (2) Cheat or try to cheat GM: In the game, players do not try to take advantage of Brave1pct's trust in you, to do some kind of cheat or try to cheat GM. If found, Brave1pct will take severe disciplinary measures against the player. Attempts to defraud a GM include, but are not limited to, misleading the GM, refusing to provide information, providing false information, and any attempt to "scam" the GM.
   (3) Violating or ignoring the prompts made by the GM: In the game, in order to ensure the common interests of the majority of players and maintain the normal order of the game, the GM may prompt the players to perform certain actions or stop performing certain actions, and any behavior that ignores or obstructs the work may result in the punishment of the players' game characters. Therefore, players should maintain a cooperative attitude.
   (4) Interference with the work of the GM: Brave1pct will take severe penalties in the game if:
   ① Ask GM for any virtual game items (including but not limited to game resources, equipment);
   ② frequently call GM or send non-substantive requests;
   ③ repeatedly send GM requests for help that have been answered or solved.
   (5) Abusive or malicious attacks on the GM: Abusive or malicious attacks on the GM are not allowed in the game. If found, Brave1pct will take severe punishment measures against it.
   (6) Disturbing the game order
   Article 17 Rules for the Administration of naming
   Although the nicknames of characters and the names of organizations established by players may be named by players, in order to maintain the cleanliness and harmony of the game world, Brave1pct does not allow names that include, but are not limited to, references to race/religion, national politics, national leaders, obscene/vulgar, defamatory/intimidating, religion or religious figures, staff, offensive, insulting, potentially misleading, or illegal drug content.
   If any of the foregoing is found, the offending player may be subject to the following penalties according to the circumstances: Warning; Muted; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Changing nicknames; And disband the organization.
   Article 18 Use game bugs and third-party software to deal with rules

41. Game BUG refers to the loopholes or unreasonable phenomena existing in the game system, program and setting.
   Players are obligated to report any bugs that occur in the game to the GM. It is strictly prohibited for players to directly or indirectly use game bugs and program bugs to make profits or disrupt the order of the game, or to use bugs and bugs to achieve personal purposes. If the player has such behavior, once verified, may be subject to the following penalties: Confiscation of the player using the BUG to play the game and directly or indirectly obtained improper interests; Backtracking values (including but not limited to experience points); Undo the trade; Deduct the proceeds of illegal trading; Trading function restrictions; Forced offline; Temporarily freeze play; Permanently freeze play; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Delete files; Take legal responsibility.

42. Unlicensed third party software means any file or program that can be used to gain an advantage in the game but is not part of the corresponding Brave1pct software, Including cheating plugins and related ancillary plugins (including but not limited to automatic leveling, automatic leveling, automatic medicine, automatic completion of tasks, acceleration nature, simulation points, combat blood display or other operations beyond the scope of the game). If we find the use of cheating plug-ins and related auxiliary plug-ins, we will take severe punishment measures against them, including: confiscating the player's use of third-party software to play the game and directly or indirectly obtained improper benefits; Reverse value (including but not limited to experience value); Undo the trade; Deduct the proceeds of illegal trading; Trading function restrictions; Temporarily freeze gameplay; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins; Delete files; Take legal responsibility.
   Any external third party software used in conjunction with the Brave1pct software may have a bad effect on the game. The main consequence that can be caused by the use of external applications is that data transfer is not smooth, resulting in frequent disconnection or stalling of the player. External application software may cause players to move smart devices (including but not limited to mobile phones, tablets), computers infected with viruses, spyware and other unknown programs. Third party software may also steal players' information, account number, password and personal information stored in mobile smart devices (including but not limited to mobile phones and tablets) and computers.
   Article 19 Rules for handling number theft and related acts of number theft
   In order to ensure that the players can enjoy the game and ensure that the legitimate interests of the players are not infringed, Brave1pct will severely crack down and punish the number stealing and the related behaviors (including but not limited to stealing user accounts, game data, player personal information, assisting the number stealing to operate and transfer the game virtual items). Once verified or required by the competent authorities, Brave1pct has the right to immediately take temporary restrictions on the game behavior, recover the game virtual items, temporarily prohibit login, permanently prohibit login, shut down the account, delete the file punishment measures, serious circumstances, Brave1pct reserves the right to pursue legal responsibility for the players involved.
   Although you do not take the initiative to participate in the theft, but if you get the game virtual items are obtained by others through the theft of numbers, and then transferred or allocated to you, in order to safeguard the rights and interests of the stolen players and the fair and just game order in the game, Brave1pct has the right to recover the game virtual items you purchased.
   In the process of verifying the theft of players, in order to quickly investigate and deal with the problem, Brave1pct may ask the relevant players to assist in the investigation, including but not limited to prohibiting login to the investigation, online communication, offline communication.
   Article 20 Rules for handling fraudulent behavior in the game
   Honesty and credit are the basic principles in the game. Fraud in the game refers to the purpose of illegal possession, through false promises, fabricating facts, concealing the truth, intentionally misleading, impersonating others, intentionally confusing, defrauding others of the game virtual goods or other property. Fraud in the game includes similar nickname fraud, impersonation of friends, impersonation of official and other forms.
   If a player commits fraud in the game, we will take various actions according to the circumstances of the player's fraud, including one or more of the following: Recall of game virtual items; Reverse value (including but not limited to experience points); Temporarily freeze gameplay; Permanently freeze play; Force offline; Temporarily ban logins; Permanently ban logins.
   Although you have not actively participated in fraud, if the game virtual items you have obtained are fraudulently obtained by others and then transferred or distributed to you, in order to safeguard the rights and interests of the stolen players and the fair and just game order in the game, Brave1pct has the right to recover the game virtual items you have purchased.
   Article 21 Dealing with dishonest behavior related to top-up
   Honesty and credit are also the basic principles that users should follow in top-up-related behaviors. After successfully recharging Brave1pct service to obtain the right to use virtual items or value-added services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "recharging income"), if the user has any misunderstanding, dissatisfaction, suggestions or other demands for Brave1pct service, he may notify Brave1pct at any time through the customer service area or customer service phone. If the user does not choose this method but proceeds the refund operation separately, he shall immediately notify Brave1pct through the customer service area or customer service phone to deduct the corresponding recharge income; If the user still owns the recharge service after the refund operation is a dishonest act, Brave1pct will severely crack down on and punish, including but not limited to one or several of the following: Warning, withholding values, freezing or recycling virtual items of the game, temporarily freezing gameplay, permanently freezing gameplay, forcing offline, blocking accounts, deleting files and taking other technical measures to prevent the user from engaging in such behavior; If the circumstances are serious, Brave1pct reserves the right to pursue the user for legal liability (including but not limited to civil liability and criminal liability).
   Article 22 Rules on Abnormal data processing
   If Brave1pct finds that user data is abnormal or there is illegal or other improper behavior, "other improper behavior" includes but is not limited to: (1) using bugs or abnormal game methods to improve game character data and in-game role ranking; (2) transaction not for the purpose of normal game entertainment interaction needs; (3) Abnormal trading behavior for the purpose of transferring game virtual goods or improving the strength of specific game characters, including but not limited to buying game virtual goods that are not needed by their own game characters, trading game virtual goods at abnormal prices, trading game virtual goods with multiple game accounts under their control. Brave1pct reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate actions, including but not limited to: (1) deletion of game virtual items; (2) forfeiture of improper benefits; (3) data rollback or zeroing; (4) gag; (5) temporary login ban; (6) Permanently prohibit login; (7) temporary isolation; (8) permanent isolation; (9) forced offline; (10) cancel the transaction; (11) deduction of income from illegal transactions; (12) restrictions on trading functions; And (13) block or delete user accounts. The user is not entitled to hold Brave1pct liable for this.
   Article 23 Rules for handling acts of seeking improper benefits
   You understand and agree that Brave1pct provides Brave1pct Services to you for the purpose of allowing you to experience a variety of game content, and not to use Brave1pct Services to earn real-world money or for financial gain. However, the behavior of users who mainly conduct transactions and make profits in the game, not for the purpose of experiencing the game content, will destroy the fairness or balance of the in-game economic system, thus adversely affecting the game experience of other users and the game itself.
   Therefore, the user undertakes not to engage in game activities or trade virtual goods for profit purposes, and any situation in which the user engages in game activities or trade virtual goods for profit purposes will be deemed to seek improper benefits, including but not limited to:
   (1) registering multiple user accounts and/or game character ids for the purpose of engaging in game activities for profit;
   (2) engage in a single or series of in-game output play, and sell the virtual items obtained for profit;
   (3) Making use of the difference in the value of virtual items on different servers, trading virtual items on different servers for profit;
   (4) acting as a game account and virtual goods trading intermediary to collect fees and make profits;
   (5) trading user accounts or virtual items on trading platforms not provided or approved by Brave1pct for profit;
   (6) selling virtual items obtained in the game for profit without paying attention to the improvement of the strength of the character, and the level of multiple skills, cultivation, equipment and pets of the character is quite different from the level of the character;
   (7) using game behavior and game content to organize or participate in gambling, implementing or participating in the theft of other people's property or virtual goods suspected of illegal and criminal acts;
   (8) any other profit-making activities within the game that are not for the purpose of normal game entertainment interaction.
   Brave1pct has the right to take the following measures against users who seek improper benefits: To reverse the value of all user accounts (including but not limited to the account of acquiring, transferring and selling game virtual items) for seeking improper benefits, withdraw game virtual items, temporarily freeze gameplay, permanently freeze gameplay, force offline, temporarily isolate, permanently isolate, block accounts, cancel transactions, deduct illegal trading income, restrict trading functions, delete files and take action Other technical measures to prevent the user from engaging in such behavior; In serious cases, Brave1pct reserves the right to pursue the user for legal responsibility.
   Article 24 Rules for Role protection
   If you report that your character has been stolen, hacked or has other abnormal circumstances, or Brave1pct finds that your character has been stolen, shared or abused or has other abnormal circumstances, Brave1pct will investigate your character in order to avoid illegal infringement of your game character or game virtual items, and according to the circumstances, To take protective measures against your character (including but not limited to temporarily freezing the character) during the investigation. You are requested to cooperate with Brave1pct's investigation by submitting relevant materials in accordance with Brave1pct's guidelines in order to remove your character's protective measures as soon as possible.
   Article 25 Damages
   If your violations in the game cause damage to Brave1pct or a third party, you shall bear the corresponding legal responsibility, and Brave1pct has the right to take all reasonable actions against its own damage, including but not limited to recovering the game virtual items. Brave1pct shall also have the right to recover the amount of damage from you and require you to bear Brave1pct's reasonable recourse costs.
   Article 26 Force Majeure
   Brave1pct shall not be liable for losses caused by force majeure. The term "Force majeure" in this Agreement shall include: Natural disasters, changes in laws and regulations or government directives, reasons unique to the characteristics of network services, failures of basic telecom operators at home and abroad, defects in computers, mobile devices or Internet-related technologies, Internet coverage restrictions, computer and mobile device viruses, hacker attack factors, and other unforeseeable, unavoidable and insurmountable objective circumstances within the legal scope.
   Article 27 Links and advertising information
   All links provided by Brave1pct in the official website of the game, the official forum of the game, the game may link to the websites of other individuals, companies or organizations, the purpose of providing this website is to facilitate users to search or obtain relevant information on their own, Brave1pct for the products, services or information provided by the websites of linked individuals, companies or organizations, Brave1pct does not guarantee the authenticity, completeness, timeliness or credibility of the linked websites. No employment, appointment, agency, partnership or other similar relationship exists between these individuals, companies or organizations and Brave1pct.
   Brave1pct may publish commercial advertisements or other promotional information on the official website of the Game, the official forums of the game, and in the game. Such advertising or promotion information is provided by advertisers or commercial service providers and assumes the corresponding responsibility. Brave1pct only provides the medium for the content to be published. The transaction behavior of the goods or services purchased by the user through the linked website or advertisement is only between the user and the supplier of the goods or services, and has nothing to do with Brave1pct. Brave1pct does not bear any legal responsibility for the transaction behavior between the user and the supplier of the goods or services, and users should pay special attention to it.
   Article 28 Storage and security of information and restrictions on services
   Brave1pct will try its best to maintain the security and convenience of the services provided under this Agreement, but will not be liable for any failure to delete or store the information (including but not limited to the information published by users) in the service. Brave1pct reserves the right to determine whether the user's behavior complies with the provisions of this Agreement. If the user violates the provisions of this Agreement, Brave1pct has the right to interrupt the service provided to the user in accordance with this Agreement.
   Article 29 Modification of terms
   Brave1pct reserves the right to modify the terms of this Agreement when necessary. Please check the relevant contents regularly. If the user continues to use the services involved in this Agreement, it shall be deemed that the user agrees to the modification of the content; If the user does not agree to the modification, it shall uninstall the Brave1pct software, terminate this Agreement and stop using the Brave1pct service.
   Article 30 Game data
   Any data generated during the user's participation in the game and stored in the Brave1pct server, including but not limited to account data, role data, level and virtual item data information (except the user's name, ID number, telephone number personal identification data information), is part of the game software. Owned and managed by Brave1pct, users have the right to modify, transfer and discard the data information belonging to their own user accounts through proper channels under the premise of abiding by the rules of the game.
   Article 31 Notice
   All notices sent by Brave1pct to the user may be sent through announcements in the game, on the important pages of the official website of the game or the official forum of the game, by E-mail or by regular phone calls, e-mails or letters. At the same time, the User hereby agrees that Brave1pct may send commercial information to his email address, telephone, email, or mail.
   Article 32 Intellectual property rights and authorization of the content provided by the User
   Brave1pct respects intellectual property rights and pays attention to protecting the rights enjoyed by users. In the Brave1pct service, you may need to upload, post and provide content to Brave1pct in various ways. In this case, you still have full intellectual property rights to the content.
   You hereby expressly agree that by providing the aforementioned Content, you irrevocably grant Brave1pct and its affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use, disseminate, reproduce, modify, sublicense, translate, publish, perform, display, and create derivative works from such Content.
   Article 33 Other Agreements
   The conclusion, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China, excluding the application of all other conflict laws. This Agreement is entered into in Siming District, Xiamen City. In case of any dispute between the Parties concerning the content or performance of this Agreement (including but not limited to disputes over contract or other property rights and interests), the parties shall settle the dispute through friendly negotiation. If no agreement can be reached through negotiation, both parties agree to submit the dispute to the Siming District People's Court of Xiamen for jurisdiction and settlement.
   In order to avoid disputes, the User agrees to use the data stored in Brave1pct server as the judgment standard for the data and technical issues related to this Agreement. Brave1pct guarantees the authenticity of the data.
   The headings of all the terms of this Agreement are for convenience only and have no actual meaning and cannot be used as the basis for interpretation of the meaning of this Agreement and the relevant terms.
   If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part for any reason, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
   Brave1pct's failure to exercise, timely exercise or insufficient exercise of any of its rights under this Agreement or under law shall not be deemed a waiver of such rights nor shall it affect Brave1pct's exercise of such rights in the future.
   ⊙ Important Note
   The goal of Brave1pct is to create a comfortable, fair and humane gaming environment. Brave1pct is open to players from all regions, ages and cultures. In the game, both the Brave1pct staff and tens of thousands of other players are playing different roles and fulfilling their respective missions. Brave1pct is full of gratitude and respect for players who respect the rules of the game and respect others. Let us work together to create green online games and weave beautiful dreams together!
   Young users must abide by the national youth network civilization Convention: to be good at online learning, do not browse bad information; They must communicate honestly and friendly, not insult and cheat others; To enhance the sense of self-protection, do not casually date friends; We should maintain Internet security and not disrupt Internet order. It should be beneficial to physical and mental health and not indulge in virtual time and space.

   

### Brave1pct Privacy Policy

This policy is made by Brave1pct Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Brave1pct") with respect to the products and services offered by Brave1pct on its and/or its affiliates' mobile phone gaming platforms (including Brave1pct's website and gaming apparel that Brave1pct is offering and may in the future offer to users) Services and other network services, hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Products and Services").
This policy will help you understand the following:

1. How do we collect and use your Personal Information
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
Iv. How do we protect your Personal Information
5. Your Rights
6. How do we handle minors' personal information
7. How is your personal information transferred globally
8. This policy may change
9. How can I contact us

Brave1pct understands the importance of personal information to you and will do its best to keep your personal information safe and secure. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us by adhering to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of authority and responsibility, the principle of clarity of purpose, the principle of opt-in consent, the principle of minimum sufficient, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency.
Please note that Brave1pct may modify and update this Agreement from time to time, and you agree to keep abreast of the latest version of this Agreement. Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or services) to ensure that you are always aware of the latest version of this Privacy Policy.
1. How do we collect and use your Personal Information
Personal information refers to information recorded electronically or by other means that, individually or in combination with other information, identifies a particular natural person or reflects the activities of a particular natural person. Brave1pct collects and uses your Personal Information for the following purposes as described in this Policy. If Brave1pct needs to use your information beyond the following purposes, Brave1pct will obtain your consent separately:
(I) to provide you with the products and services that Brave1pct offers on its and/or its affiliates' mobile gaming platforms
1. Register as a user.
The information you fill in to complete creating an account. Include your mobile phone number, ID card, and the username you created.
2, provide you with advertisements, information and product information that may be of interest to you
In order to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you as an alternative to commonly used ads, we may collect and use your operating records on Brave1pct and some necessary device information (i.e. your unique device identification number), as well as other information and content details that you browse or request to provide when using our services, game account transaction information, To extract your browsing and behavioral characteristics, and to send marketing information via SMS or other means to user groups with the same or similar labels as you based on the characteristic tags, to provide or promote our products and services.
3. Payment and settlement.
In order to facilitate you to comprehensively determine your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents when paying related orders, we may collect information related to your virtual property (only transaction records, virtual currencies, virtual transactions, game exchange codes) during the transaction process.
4. Security guarantee
We will use some of your commonly used personal device information for identity verification, security prevention, fraud detection, archiving and backup purposes. The unique device code is used for security prevention and user identification, and the personal Internet record is used for security prevention and fraud monitoring.
When you use our customer service, we may save your communication/call records and content or the contact information you left, in order to contact you or help you solve the problem, or record the solution and result of the relevant problem.
5. Product development and service optimization.
In order to repair system failures and optimize our services, we may need to record and analyze the information generated during system failures.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
(I) Cookies
To ensure the normal operation of the website, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, the name of the site, and some numbers and characters. Cookies help us to identify you as our registered user, or save you from providing us with your preferences or other information to help us identify you as our registered user, or save you from providing us with your preferences or other information about what activities you use the Services for, or which services or services are most popular; And help us to use your information to provide you with advertisements relevant to you rather than general advertising.
We do not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Policy. You may set up to manage or delete cookies through your browser or other means based on your preferences.
2. Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track feature that posts a Do Not Track request to a website. Currently, major Internet standards organizations have not established policies governing how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has Do Not Track enabled, then all of our sites will respect your choice. However, please note that this may affect your experience with products and services provided by Brave1pct.
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(I) Sharing
You understand and agree that the de-identified information will not be able to identify you, in which case we will use the de-identified information for the purpose of this Privacy Policy, and ensure that the data recipient can not re-identify the subject of personal information, through sharing, transfer to the third party. We may share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Brave1pct under the following circumstances:
1. Sharing with express consent: After obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information with other parties in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of competent government departments.
3. Sharing with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared with Brave1pct's affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information, subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will seek your authorized consent again.
4. Sharing with Authorized Partners: Only for the purposes stated in this policy, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners in order to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners do not have the right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
(2) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
1. Transfer with express consent: After obtaining your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. When a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation is involved, such as the transfer of personal information, we will separately inform you of the relevant situation through push notifications, announcements or other means, and continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the standards required by laws and regulations or require new managers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with this policy.
3. In some scenarios, you can use the same account and password to log in and use on other third-party platforms to get a better game experience. In order to provide this service, we may need to transfer your personal information and game information to third parties. We will continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the standards required by laws and regulations or require new managers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with this policy.
(3) Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. After obtaining your express consent;
2. Related to national security and national defense security;
3. related to public security, public health, or major public interests;
4. related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and enforcement of judgments;
(5) For safeguarding the life and property of the information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to get your consent;
(6) The collected information is disclosed to the public by you;
(7) Collect information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure channels;
(8) necessary to sign a contract according to your requirements;
9, necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of Brave1pct services
10. Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
(11) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to carry out statistics or academic research in the public interest and provide the results of academic research or descriptions to the outside world, the information contained in the results is de-identified;
12. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4. How do we protect your Personal information
(a) We will take all reasonably practicable measures to protect your personal information. We use SSL/hash to encrypt your data; If we share your information with third parties, we will use encryption, desensitization and other de-identifiers to protect your information.
(2) Other security measures we take to protect your information
We regulate the storage and use of standardized information by establishing data classification and classification systems, data security management norms, and data security development norms.
We carry out comprehensive security control over data through information contact confidentiality agreements, monitoring and auditing mechanisms.
(3) We only allow Brave1pct staff and partners who need to know this information to access your information, and require all personnel who may have access to your information to fulfill the corresponding confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may result in legal liability or suspension of cooperation with Brave1pct.
(d) We will take all reasonably practicable measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We will only retain your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or is permitted by law.
(e) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and E-mail, instant messaging, and communication with other Brave1pct users are not encrypted, and we strongly recommend that you do not send personal information by such means. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account secure.
6. The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access to information, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibilities.
(7) In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will take necessary measures to prevent the expansion of the security incident, and inform you in the form of push notifications and official website announcements.
V. Your Rights
In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you will exercise the following rights regarding your personal information:
(1) Access to your personal Information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for the exceptions provided by laws and regulations.
(2) Control of your Personal Information
You can query and manage the personal information under your account at any time. The account name is your important network identity. For security and identification reasons, it cannot be changed after registration.
(3) Delete your personal information
We will collect and use your information only to fulfill the functions of our products or services as described in this policy. If you find that we have collected and used your personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations or the agreement between the two parties, you can ask us to delete it. If you find that there is any error in your personal information collected and stored by us, you may also ask us to correct it. Please contact us using the contact information set out in this policy.
4. Changing the scope of your consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be performed (see paragraph 1 of this policy). You may access, modify and delete the registration information and other personal information you have provided in the course of using our services. The scope and manner in which you access, modify and delete your personal information will depend on the specific services you use. If you wish to stop sharing your location information while using a location-based service, you can do so by using the location-based turn off function of your mobile phone, the turn-off method of the hardware and software service provider and the communication service provider.
(5) Responding to your above requests
For security purposes, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before we process your request. We will respond within a reasonable time frame. If you are not satisfied, you can contact Brave1pct customer service or deal with it according to the User Registration Service Agreement.
For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests that exceed the reasonable limit, we will charge a certain cost fee according to the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require too much technology (requiring the development of new systems or fundamental changes to existing practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights of others, or are highly impractical (involving information stored on backup tapes).
Under the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) directly related to public security, public health or major public interests;
3. directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and enforcement of sentences;
(4) there is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations;
(6) involving trade secrets;
7. Other circumstances that we have reasonable reasons to refuse.
6. How do we handle minors' personal information
Our products, websites and services are primarily aimed at adults. Brave1pct follows state policy that minors are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of a parent or guardian. In cases where the personal information of minors is collected with the consent of a parent or guardian, we will only use or publicly disclose this information if permitted by law, with the express consent of the parent or guardian, or if necessary to protect the minor.
7. How is your Personal Information transferred around the world
In principle, the personal information we collect and generate in the People's Republic of China will be stored in the People's Republic of China.
We may provide products or services through resources and servers throughout the world, which means that, with your authorized consent, your personal information may be transferred to, or accessed from, jurisdictions outside the country in which you use the products or services.
Foreign jurisdictions may have different personal information protection laws, and we will encrypt the transmission of information and use commercially reasonable efforts to urge third parties to comply with their applicable laws and regulations and the confidentiality and security measures agreed upon in their agreements when using your personal information.
8. This policy is subject to change
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will post any changes we make to this Policy on this page.
For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notice. If you do not agree with the changes, you can choose to stop using our services; If you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy

Brave1pct Studio
二〇二四年七月

